Spec clarifications: (#328)
dfinity/internet-identity: docs/internet-identity-spec.adoc

A user account is identified by a unique _user number_, a smallish natural number chosen by the canister.

A client application frontend is identified by its hostname, or, more precisely, it’s _origin_ (e.g., `https://abcde-efg.ic0.app`, `https://nice-name.ic0.app`, `https://non-ic-application.com`). Frontend application can be served by canisters or by websites that are not hosted on the Internet Computer.

> A user has a separate _user identity_ for each client application frontend (i.e., per hostname). This identity is derived from a https://docs.dfinity.systems/public/#canister-signatures[canister signature] public “key” based on the `ii_canister_id` and a seed of the form

Reviewer: Given that this repo is open, could we link at the public version of the IC Interface Specification?

Author: ```suggestion
A user has a separate _user identity_ for each client application frontend (i.e., per hostname). This identity is derived from a https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/interface-spec/index.html#canister-signatures[canister signature] public “key” based on the `ii_canister_id` and a seed of the form
```
Of course!

> A user has a separate _user identity_ for each client application frontend (i.e., per hostname). This identity is derived from a https://docs.dfinity.systems/public/#canister-signatures[canister signature] public “key” based on the `ii_canister_id` and a seed of the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user has a separate _user identity_ for each client application frontend (i.e., per hostname). This identity is derived from a https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/interface-spec/index.html#canister-signatures[canister signature] public “key” based on the `ii_canister_id` and a seed of the form
```
